README.md, before:


# Angular2 NPB Front End Application (By Simiao Sun)

> An Angular 2 starter kit featuring [Angular 2](https://angular.io) and [Angular 4](https://github.com/angular/angular/tree/4.0.0-beta.0) ([Ahead of Time Compile](https://angular.io/docs/ts/latest/cookbook/aot-compiler.html), [Router](https://angular.io/docs/ts/latest/guide/router.html), [Forms](https://angular.io/docs/ts/latest/guide/forms.html),
[Http](https://angular.io/docs/ts/latest/guide/server-communication.html),
[Services](https://gist.github.com/gdi2290/634101fec1671ee12b3e#_follow_@AngularClass_on_twitter),
[Tests](https://angular.io/docs/ts/latest/guide/testing.html), [E2E](https://angular.github.io/protractor/#/faq#what-s-the-difference-between-karma-and-protractor-when-do-i-use-which-)), [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io/), [Protractor](https://angular.github.io/protractor/), [Jasmine](https://github.com/jasmine/jasmine), [Istanbul](https://github.com/gotwarlost/istanbul), [TypeScript](http://www.typescriptlang.org/), [@types](https://www.npmjs.com/~types), [TsLint](http://palantir.github.io/tslint/), [Codelyzer](https://github.com/mgechev/codelyzer), [Hot Module Replacement](https://webpack.github.io/docs/hot-module-replacement-with-webpack.html), and [Webpack 2](http://webpack.github.io/) by [AngularClass](https://angularclass.com).

### Quick start
**Make sure you have Node version >= 5.0 and NPM >= 3**
> Clone/Download the repo then edit `app.component.ts` inside [`/src/app/app.component.ts`](/src/app/app.component.ts)

```bash
# clone our repo
# --depth 1 removes all but one .git commit history
git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/angularclass/angular2-webpack-starter.git

# change directory to our repo
cd angular2-webpack-starter

# install the repo with npm
npm install

# start the server
npm start

# use Hot Module Replacement
npm run server:dev:hmr

# if you're in China use cnpm
# https://github.com/cnpm/cnpm
```
go to [http://0.0.0.0:3000](http://0.0.0.0:3000) or [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser


## File Structure
We use the component approach in our starter. This is the new standard for developing Angular apps and a great way to ensure maintainable code by encapsulation of our behavior logic. A component is basically a self contained app usually in a single file or a folder with each concern as a file: style, template, specs, e2e, and component class. Here's how it looks:
```
angular2-webpack-starter/
 ├──config/                        * our configuration
 |   ├──helpers.js                 * helper functions for our configuration files
 |   ├──spec-bundle.js             * ignore this magic that sets up our angular 2 testing environment
 |   ├──karma.conf.js              * karma config for our unit tests
 |   ├──protractor.conf.js         * protractor config for our end-to-end tests
 │   ├──webpack.dev.js             * our development webpack config
 │   ├──webpack.prod.js            * our production webpack config
 │   └──webpack.test.js            * our testing webpack config
 │
 ├──src/                           * our source files that will be compiled to javascript
 |   ├──main.browser.ts            * our entry file for our browser environment
 │   │
 |   ├──index.html                 * Index.html: where we generate our index page
 │   │
 |   ├──polyfills.ts               * our polyfills file
 |   |
 |   ├──api-kit/                   * our API service files
 │   │   ├──api-kit.module.ts      * an api-kit module
 │   │   ├──wrapper-service/       * Wrapper class for api service
 │   │   ├──other-api-service/     * simple sample for api service
 │   │
 │   ├──app/                       * WebApp: folder
 │   │   ├──app.component.spec.ts  * a simple test of components in app.component.ts
 │   │   ├──app.e2e.ts             * a simple end-to-end test for /
 │   │   |──app.component.ts       * a simple version of our App component components
 │   │   |
 │   │   ├──sample-page/           * a sample test page of application
 │   │   |   ├──sample-page.module.ts
 │   │   |   ├──sample-page.routes.ts
 │   │   |   ├──sample-page.page.ts
 │   │   |   ├──sample-page.spec.ts
 │   │   |   ├──sample-page.e2e.ts
 │   │   |   └──sample-page.template.html
 │   │
 │   ├──ui-kit/                    * app component module, contains ui components used across the app
 │   │   ├──ui-kit.module.ts       * ui-kit module ts
 │   │   ├──sample-component/      * a sample test page of application
 │   │   |   ├──sample.component.ts
 │   │   |   ├──sample.spec.ts
 │   │   |   ├──sample.css / scss
 │   │   |   └──sample-page.template.html
 │   │
 │   └──assets/                    * static assets are served here
 │       ├──icon/                  * our list of icons from www.favicon-generator.org
 │       ├──service-worker.js      * ignore this. Web App service worker that's not complete yet
 │       ├──robots.txt             * for search engines to crawl your website
 │       └──humans.txt             * for humans to know who the developers are
 │
 │
 ├──tslint.json                    * typescript lint config
 ├──typedoc.json                   * typescript documentation generator
 ├──tsconfig.json                  * typescript config used outside webpack
 ├──tsconfig.webpack.json          * config that webpack uses for typescript
 ├──package.json                   * what npm uses to manage it's dependencies
 └──webpack.config.js              * webpack main configuration file

```

# Getting Started
## Dependencies
What you need to run this app:
* `node` and `npm` (`brew install node`)
* Ensure you're running the latest versions Node `v4.x.x`+ (or `v5.x.x`) and NPM `3.x.x`+

> If you have `nvm` installed, which is highly recommended (`brew install nvm`) you can do a `nvm install --lts && nvm use` in `$` to run with the latest Node LTS. You can also have this `zsh` done for you [automatically](https://github.com/creationix/nvm#calling-nvm-use-automatically-in-a-directory-with-a-nvmrc-file) 

Once you have those, you should install these globals with `npm install --global`:
* `webpack` (`npm install --global webpack`)
* `webpack-dev-server` (`npm install --global webpack-dev-server`)
* `karma` (`npm install --global karma-cli`)
* `protractor` (`npm install --global protractor`)
* `typescript` (`npm install --global typescript`)

## Installing
* `fork` this repo
* `clone` your fork
* `npm install webpack-dev-server rimraf webpack -g` to install required global dependencies
* `npm install` to install all dependencies or `yarn`
* `npm run server` to start the dev server in another tab

## Running the app
After you have installed all dependencies you can now run the app. Run `npm run server` to start a local server using `webpack-dev-server` which will watch, build (in-memory), and reload for you. The port will be displayed to you as `http://0.0.0.0:3000` (or if you prefer IPv6, if you're using `express` server, then it's `http://[::1]:3000/`).

### server
```bash
# development
npm run server
# production
npm run build:prod
npm run server:prod
```

## Other commands

### build files
```bash
# development
npm run build:dev
# production (jit)
npm run build:prod
# AoT
npm run build:aot
```

### hot module replacement
```bash
npm run server:dev:hmr
```

### watch and build files
```bash
npm run watch
```

### run unit tests
```bash
npm run test
```

### watch and run our tests
```bash
npm run watch:test
```

### run end-to-end tests
```bash
# update Webdriver (optional, done automatically by postinstall script)
npm run webdriver:update
# this will start a test server and launch Protractor
npm run e2e
```

### continuous integration (run unit tests and e2e tests together)
```bash
# this will test both your JIT and AoT builds
npm run ci
```

### run Protractor's elementExplorer (for end-to-end)
```bash
npm run e2e:live
```

### build Docker
```bash
npm run build:docker
```

# Configuration
Configuration files live in `config/` we are currently using webpack, karma, and protractor for different stages of your application

# Contribution Rules
## Naming Convention
We are using a mix of camel case and kebab cases in this application for different purposes.
### Camel Case
Use Camel Case for variable names or functions, please don't come up with really long names for them....

### Kebab Case
Use Kebab Case for :
- Component selector name: eg. ui-drop-down
- First chunk of file names: eg. ui-drop-down.component.ts
- Branch names: eg. branch-purpose-....

## Testing Standard
The goal is to let the unit test coverage to be above 80%.
- For each component, it should contain a spec file with testing coverage above 60%, testing coverage under 60% is not acceptable as a component
- Each component does not necessarily need e2e test, it's better to have them there anyway
- Each page level component should have a module, it should have at least some e2e test in it

## Component Level Contribution Standard
Please add common component (widely used components) into src/ui-kit, find a correct module under ui-kit or build a new module if you believe it should belong to a new module.
As a component, to make the application code easy to understand, please have the following files under a component level directory:
- component-name.component.ts: put all the component program code into this ts file
- component-name.spec.ts: add all the unit tests in it
- component-name.template.html: edit html structure for the component, please do not use inline html template in component.ts
- component-name.css: style file goes here

## Page Level Contribution Standard
Page level component goes under the src/app directory, each page should have its own module and routes with unit test and e2e test applied to ensure it is functioning well.

# AoT Don'ts
The following are some things that will make AoT compile fail.

- Don’t use require statements for your templates or styles, use styleUrls and templateUrls, the angular2-template-loader plugin will change it to require at build time.
- Don’t use default exports.
- Don’t use `form.controls.controlName`, use `form.get(‘controlName’)`
- Don’t use `control.errors?.someError`, use `control.hasError(‘someError’)`
- Don’t use functions in your providers, routes or declarations, export a function and then reference that function name
- @Inputs, @Outputs, View or Content Child(ren), Hostbindings, and any field you use from the template or annotate for Angular should be public

# External Stylesheets
Any stylesheets (Sass or CSS) placed in the `src/styles` directory and imported into your project will automatically be compiled into an external `.css` and embedded in your production builds.

For example to use Bootstrap as an external stylesheet:
1) Create a `styles.scss` file (name doesn't matter) in the `src/styles` directory.
2) `npm install` the version of Boostrap you want.
3) In `styles.scss` add `@import 'bootstrap/scss/bootstrap.scss';`
4) In `src/app/app.module.ts` add underneath the other import statements: `import '../styles/styles.scss';`

# Contributing
You can include more examples as components but they must introduce a new concept such as `Home` component (separate folders), and Todo (services). I'll accept pretty much everything so feel free to open a Pull-Request

# TypeScript
> To take full advantage of TypeScript with autocomplete you would have to install it globally and use an editor with the correct TypeScript plugins.

## Use latest TypeScript compiler
TypeScript 2.1.x includes everything you need. Make sure to upgrade, even if you installed TypeScript previously.

```
npm install --global typescript
```

## Use a TypeScript-aware editor
We have good experience using these editors:

* [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
* [Webstorm 10](https://www.jetbrains.com/webstorm/download/)
* [Atom](https://atom.io/) with [TypeScript plugin](https://atom.io/packages/atom-typescript)
* [Sublime Text](http://www.sublimetext.com/3) with [Typescript-Sublime-Plugin](https://github.com/Microsoft/Typescript-Sublime-plugin#installation)

### Visual Studio Code + Debugger for Chrome
> Install [Debugger for Chrome](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=msjsdiag.debugger-for-chrome) and see docs for instructions to launch Chrome 

The included `.vscode` automatically connects to the webpack development server on port `3000`.

# Types
> When you include a module that doesn't include Type Definitions inside of the module you can include external Type Definitions with @types

i.e, to have youtube api support, run this command in terminal: 
```shell
npm i @types/youtube @types/gapi @types/gapi.youtube
``` 
In some cases where your code editor doesn't support Typescript 2 yet or these types weren't listed in ```tsconfig.json```, add these to **"src/custom-typings.d.ts"** to make peace with the compile check: 
```es6
import '@types/gapi.youtube';
import '@types/gapi';
import '@types/youtube';
```

## Custom Type Definitions
When including 3rd party modules you also need to include the type definition for the module
if they don't provide one within the module. You can try to install it with @types

```
npm install @types/node
npm install @types/lodash
```

If you can't find the type definition in the registry we can make an ambient definition in
this file for now. For example

```typescript
declare module "my-module" {
  export function doesSomething(value: string): string;
}
```


If you're prototyping and you will fix the types later you can also declare it as type any

```typescript
declare var assert: any;
declare var _: any;
declare var $: any;
```

If you're importing a module that uses Node.js modules which are CommonJS you need to import as

```typescript
import * as _ from 'lodash';
```

# Deployment

## Netlify

You can quickly create a free site to get started using this
starter kit in production on [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/):

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter)

___

# License
 [MIT](/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Add in Pull Request submission rules

README.md, after:


# Angular2 NPB Front End Application (By Simiao Sun)

> An Angular 2 starter kit featuring [Angular 2](https://angular.io) and [Angular 4](https://github.com/angular/angular/tree/4.0.0-beta.0) ([Ahead of Time Compile](https://angular.io/docs/ts/latest/cookbook/aot-compiler.html), [Router](https://angular.io/docs/ts/latest/guide/router.html), [Forms](https://angular.io/docs/ts/latest/guide/forms.html),
[Http](https://angular.io/docs/ts/latest/guide/server-communication.html),
[Services](https://gist.github.com/gdi2290/634101fec1671ee12b3e#_follow_@AngularClass_on_twitter),
[Tests](https://angular.io/docs/ts/latest/guide/testing.html), [E2E](https://angular.github.io/protractor/#/faq#what-s-the-difference-between-karma-and-protractor-when-do-i-use-which-)), [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io/), [Protractor](https://angular.github.io/protractor/), [Jasmine](https://github.com/jasmine/jasmine), [Istanbul](https://github.com/gotwarlost/istanbul), [TypeScript](http://www.typescriptlang.org/), [@types](https://www.npmjs.com/~types), [TsLint](http://palantir.github.io/tslint/), [Codelyzer](https://github.com/mgechev/codelyzer), [Hot Module Replacement](https://webpack.github.io/docs/hot-module-replacement-with-webpack.html), and [Webpack 2](http://webpack.github.io/) by [AngularClass](https://angularclass.com).

### Quick start
**Make sure you have Node version >= 5.0 and NPM >= 3**
> Clone/Download the repo then edit `app.component.ts` inside [`/src/app/app.component.ts`](/src/app/app.component.ts)

```bash
# clone our repo
# --depth 1 removes all but one .git commit history
git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/angularclass/angular2-webpack-starter.git

# change directory to our repo
cd angular2-webpack-starter

# install the repo with npm
npm install

# start the server
npm start

# use Hot Module Replacement
npm run server:dev:hmr

# if you're in China use cnpm
# https://github.com/cnpm/cnpm
```
go to [http://0.0.0.0:3000](http://0.0.0.0:3000) or [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser


## File Structure
We use the component approach in our starter. This is the new standard for developing Angular apps and a great way to ensure maintainable code by encapsulation of our behavior logic. A component is basically a self contained app usually in a single file or a folder with each concern as a file: style, template, specs, e2e, and component class. Here's how it looks:
```
angular2-webpack-starter/
 ├──config/                        * our configuration
 |   ├──helpers.js                 * helper functions for our configuration files
 |   ├──spec-bundle.js             * ignore this magic that sets up our angular 2 testing environment
 |   ├──karma.conf.js              * karma config for our unit tests
 |   ├──protractor.conf.js         * protractor config for our end-to-end tests
 │   ├──webpack.dev.js             * our development webpack config
 │   ├──webpack.prod.js            * our production webpack config
 │   └──webpack.test.js            * our testing webpack config
 │
 ├──src/                           * our source files that will be compiled to javascript
 |   ├──main.browser.ts            * our entry file for our browser environment
 │   │
 |   ├──index.html                 * Index.html: where we generate our index page
 │   │
 |   ├──polyfills.ts               * our polyfills file
 |   |
 |   ├──api-kit/                   * our API service files
 │   │   ├──api-kit.module.ts      * an api-kit module
 │   │   ├──wrapper-service/       * Wrapper class for api service
 │   │   ├──other-api-service/     * simple sample for api service
 │   │
 │   ├──app/                       * WebApp: folder
 │   │   ├──app.component.spec.ts  * a simple test of components in app.component.ts
 │   │   ├──app.e2e.ts             * a simple end-to-end test for /
 │   │   |──app.component.ts       * a simple version of our App component components
 │   │   |
 │   │   ├──sample-page/           * a sample test page of application
 │   │   |   ├──sample-page.module.ts
 │   │   |   ├──sample-page.routes.ts
 │   │   |   ├──sample-page.page.ts
 │   │   |   ├──sample-page.spec.ts
 │   │   |   ├──sample-page.e2e.ts
 │   │   |   └──sample-page.template.html
 │   │
 │   ├──ui-kit/                    * app component module, contains ui components used across the app
 │   │   ├──ui-kit.module.ts       * ui-kit module ts
 │   │   ├──sample-component/      * a sample test page of application
 │   │   |   ├──sample.component.ts
 │   │   |   ├──sample.spec.ts
 │   │   |   ├──sample.css / scss
 │   │   |   └──sample-page.template.html
 │   │
 │   └──assets/                    * static assets are served here
 │       ├──icon/                  * our list of icons from www.favicon-generator.org
 │       ├──service-worker.js      * ignore this. Web App service worker that's not complete yet
 │       ├──robots.txt             * for search engines to crawl your website
 │       └──humans.txt             * for humans to know who the developers are
 │
 │
 ├──tslint.json                    * typescript lint config
 ├──typedoc.json                   * typescript documentation generator
 ├──tsconfig.json                  * typescript config used outside webpack
 ├──tsconfig.webpack.json          * config that webpack uses for typescript
 ├──package.json                   * what npm uses to manage it's dependencies
 └──webpack.config.js              * webpack main configuration file

```

# Getting Started
## Dependencies
What you need to run this app:
* `node` and `npm` (`brew install node`)
* Ensure you're running the latest versions Node `v4.x.x`+ (or `v5.x.x`) and NPM `3.x.x`+

> If you have `nvm` installed, which is highly recommended (`brew install nvm`) you can do a `nvm install --lts && nvm use` in `$` to run with the latest Node LTS. You can also have this `zsh` done for you [automatically](https://github.com/creationix/nvm#calling-nvm-use-automatically-in-a-directory-with-a-nvmrc-file) 

Once you have those, you should install these globals with `npm install --global`:
* `webpack` (`npm install --global webpack`)
* `webpack-dev-server` (`npm install --global webpack-dev-server`)
* `karma` (`npm install --global karma-cli`)
* `protractor` (`npm install --global protractor`)
* `typescript` (`npm install --global typescript`)

## Installing
* `fork` this repo
* `clone` your fork
* `npm install webpack-dev-server rimraf webpack -g` to install required global dependencies
* `npm install` to install all dependencies or `yarn`
* `npm run server` to start the dev server in another tab

## Running the app
After you have installed all dependencies you can now run the app. Run `npm run server` to start a local server using `webpack-dev-server` which will watch, build (in-memory), and reload for you. The port will be displayed to you as `http://0.0.0.0:3000` (or if you prefer IPv6, if you're using `express` server, then it's `http://[::1]:3000/`).

### server
```bash
# development
npm run server
# production
npm run build:prod
npm run server:prod
```

## Other commands

### build files
```bash
# development
npm run build:dev
# production (jit)
npm run build:prod
# AoT
npm run build:aot
```

### hot module replacement
```bash
npm run server:dev:hmr
```

### watch and build files
```bash
npm run watch
```

### run unit tests
```bash
npm run test
```

### watch and run our tests
```bash
npm run watch:test
```

### run end-to-end tests
```bash
# update Webdriver (optional, done automatically by postinstall script)
npm run webdriver:update
# this will start a test server and launch Protractor
npm run e2e
```

### continuous integration (run unit tests and e2e tests together)
```bash
# this will test both your JIT and AoT builds
npm run ci
```

### run Protractor's elementExplorer (for end-to-end)
```bash
npm run e2e:live
```

### build Docker
```bash
npm run build:docker
```

# Configuration
Configuration files live in `config/` we are currently using webpack, karma, and protractor for different stages of your application

# Contribution Rules
## Naming Convention
We are using a mix of camel case and kebab cases in this application for different purposes.
### Camel Case
Use Camel Case for variable names or functions, please don't come up with really long names for them....

### Kebab Case
Use Kebab Case for :
- Component selector name: eg. ui-drop-down
- First chunk of file names: eg. ui-drop-down.component.ts
- Branch names: eg. branch-purpose-....

## Testing Standard
The goal is to let the unit test coverage to be above 80%.
- For each component, it should contain a spec file with testing coverage above 60%, testing coverage under 60% is not acceptable as a component
- Each component does not necessarily need e2e test, it's better to have them there anyway
- Each page level component should have a module, it should have at least some e2e test in it

## Component Level Contribution Standard
Please add common component (widely used components) into src/ui-kit, find a correct module under ui-kit or build a new module if you believe it should belong to a new module.
As a component, to make the application code easy to understand, please have the following files under a component level directory:
- component-name.component.ts: put all the component program code into this ts file
- component-name.spec.ts: add all the unit tests in it
- component-name.template.html: edit html structure for the component, please do not use inline html template in component.ts
- component-name.css: style file goes here

## Page Level Contribution Standard
Page level component goes under the src/app directory, each page should have its own module and routes with unit test and e2e test applied to ensure it is functioning well.

## Pull Request Submission
For the contributors, please feel free to clone or fork our repo and create branch to play around it, but don't mess with develop branch and master branch.
Develop branch is where you are going to send PR to, and master branch is where we will merge from develop only once in one month to ensure it is being taking a good care of.
Please do not direct click on merge button once a Pull Request is generated. We believe the strength in numbers, so we want each PR to be carefully reviewed by our main contributors.
We are happy to work with your PR and have in depth discussion around it, but in order to make sure our application's quality, each PR can be merged only if our main contributors approved. Thanks!

# AoT Don'ts
The following are some things that will make AoT compile fail.

- Don’t use require statements for your templates or styles, use styleUrls and templateUrls, the angular2-template-loader plugin will change it to require at build time.
- Don’t use default exports.
- Don’t use `form.controls.controlName`, use `form.get(‘controlName’)`
- Don’t use `control.errors?.someError`, use `control.hasError(‘someError’)`
- Don’t use functions in your providers, routes or declarations, export a function and then reference that function name
- @Inputs, @Outputs, View or Content Child(ren), Hostbindings, and any field you use from the template or annotate for Angular should be public

# External Stylesheets
Any stylesheets (Sass or CSS) placed in the `src/styles` directory and imported into your project will automatically be compiled into an external `.css` and embedded in your production builds.

For example to use Bootstrap as an external stylesheet:
1) Create a `styles.scss` file (name doesn't matter) in the `src/styles` directory.
2) `npm install` the version of Boostrap you want.
3) In `styles.scss` add `@import 'bootstrap/scss/bootstrap.scss';`
4) In `src/app/app.module.ts` add underneath the other import statements: `import '../styles/styles.scss';`

# Contributing
You can include more examples as components but they must introduce a new concept such as `Home` component (separate folders), and Todo (services). I'll accept pretty much everything so feel free to open a Pull-Request

# TypeScript
> To take full advantage of TypeScript with autocomplete you would have to install it globally and use an editor with the correct TypeScript plugins.

## Use latest TypeScript compiler
TypeScript 2.1.x includes everything you need. Make sure to upgrade, even if you installed TypeScript previously.

```
npm install --global typescript
```

## Use a TypeScript-aware editor
We have good experience using these editors:

* [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
* [Webstorm 10](https://www.jetbrains.com/webstorm/download/)
* [Atom](https://atom.io/) with [TypeScript plugin](https://atom.io/packages/atom-typescript)
* [Sublime Text](http://www.sublimetext.com/3) with [Typescript-Sublime-Plugin](https://github.com/Microsoft/Typescript-Sublime-plugin#installation)

### Visual Studio Code + Debugger for Chrome
> Install [Debugger for Chrome](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=msjsdiag.debugger-for-chrome) and see docs for instructions to launch Chrome 

The included `.vscode` automatically connects to the webpack development server on port `3000`.

# Types
> When you include a module that doesn't include Type Definitions inside of the module you can include external Type Definitions with @types

i.e, to have youtube api support, run this command in terminal: 
```shell
npm i @types/youtube @types/gapi @types/gapi.youtube
``` 
In some cases where your code editor doesn't support Typescript 2 yet or these types weren't listed in ```tsconfig.json```, add these to **"src/custom-typings.d.ts"** to make peace with the compile check: 
```es6
import '@types/gapi.youtube';
import '@types/gapi';
import '@types/youtube';
```

## Custom Type Definitions
When including 3rd party modules you also need to include the type definition for the module
if they don't provide one within the module. You can try to install it with @types

```
npm install @types/node
npm install @types/lodash
```

If you can't find the type definition in the registry we can make an ambient definition in
this file for now. For example

```typescript
declare module "my-module" {
  export function doesSomething(value: string): string;
}
```


If you're prototyping and you will fix the types later you can also declare it as type any

```typescript
declare var assert: any;
declare var _: any;
declare var $: any;
```

If you're importing a module that uses Node.js modules which are CommonJS you need to import as

```typescript
import * as _ from 'lodash';
```

# Deployment

## Netlify

You can quickly create a free site to get started using this
starter kit in production on [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/):

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter)

___

# License
 [MIT](/LICENSE)
